Documentation for i18n Support (#1588)
acterglobal/a3: docs/content/docs/dev/localisations.md

> # i18n Language Support

Reviewer: Still needs a the header info:

```suggestion
+++
title = "Localisation"

weight = 10
template = "docs/page.html"

[extra]
toc = true
top = false

+++
title = "Localisation"

# i18n Language Support
```

> ## **Acter** have support of internationalisation in the application to support multiple languages. This document gives basic idea of the way it is setup and instruction to maintain it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## **Acter** has support for internationalization in the application to support multiple languages. This document presents the basic idea of the way it is setup and instruction to maintain it.
```

> ##  __==i18n Setup:==__

Reviewer: a weirdly lot of markup where less would do:

```suggestion
## i18n Setup
```

Reference: <https://docs.flutter.dev/ui/accessibility-and-internationalization/internationalization#adding-your-own-localized-messages>

* Packages Used:
  `flutter_localizations:
  sdk: flutter
  intl: ^0.18.0 0`
* Configuration:

>   `l10n.yaml` file is used at flutter app root folder which contain all the configuration as below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `l10n.yaml` file is used at flutter `app/` folder which contain all the configuration as below.
```

>   ```javascript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ```
```

this isn't javascript

  arb-dir: lib/l10n
  template-arb-file: app_en.arb
  output-localization-file: l10n.dart
  output-class: L10n
  preferred-supported-locales: ["en"]
  nullable-getter: false
  ```

* Template File:
  `a3/app/lib/l10n/app_en.arb` file which is containing all the English language strings is used as template file.
* Language specific dart files:
  When we do
  ```javascript
  flutter pub get
  ```
  or
  ```javascript
  flutter run
  ```
  then codegen takes place automatically. You should find generated files in
  ```javascript
  ${FLUTTER_PROJECT}/.dart_tool/flutter_gen/gen_l10n
  ```

* Translation:
  [weblate.org](https://weblate.org/en-gb/) is used to manage string translation by taking based of template file.

> ##  __==Instruction for usage:==__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##  Instruction for usage
```

> * Only add/update strings in template file (`app_en.arb`) as [weblate.org](https://weblate.org/en-gb/) is going to take care of translation of other languages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Only add/update strings in template file (`app_en.arb`) as [weblate.org](https://weblate.org/en-gb/) is going to take care of all translations (including the english strings)
```

> * Avoid manual code formatting or changes in `app_en.arb`. Do changes in template file only when you need to add new string or change English string data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Avoid manual code formatting or changes in `app_en.arb`. Do changes in template file only when you need to add new string or change keys.
```

* Use [Placeholders](https://docs.flutter.dev/ui/accessibility-and-internationalization/internationalization#placeholders-plurals-and-selects) to manage dynamic string support based on the arguments.

  Example

  ```javascript
  "hello": "Hello {userName}",
  ```

> * Do not use [plurals-and-selects](https://docs.flutter.dev/ui/accessibility-and-internationalization/internationalization#placeholders-plurals-and-selects) as it will be to manage translation from [weblate.org](https://weblate.org/en-gb/)
> 
>   ```javascript
>   //DO NOT USE THIS
>   "pronoun": "{gender, select, male{he} female{she} other{they}}",
>   
>   //USE THIS APPROACH
>   "he": "he",
>   "she": "she",
>   "they": "they",
>   ```

Reviewer: I think we _do_ want plurals and gender-selects, discouraging them is not correct. But rather to not use random selects just because strings appear similar ...

```suggestion
* Do not use [selects](https://docs.flutter.dev/ui/accessibility-and-internationalization/internationalization#placeholders-plurals-and-selects) for otherwise similar strings but use distinctive strings

  ```javascript
  //DO NOT USE THIS
  "loading": "{objects, select, tasks{Tasks} events{Events } other{}}",
  
  //USE THIS APPROACH
  "loadingTasks": "Loading Tasks",
  "loadingEvents": "Loading Events",
  ```
```
